nfc: Fix handling 0 size data in nfc_platform (#13506)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/releases_and_maturity/releases/release-notes-changelog.rst

Libraries for NFC
-----------------

> * Fixed an issue with handling 0 size data in :file:`platform_internal_thread` file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Fixed an issue with handling zero size data in the :file:`platform_internal_thread` file.
```
